[conan-center] Deprecate Conan Center Hook (#549)
conan-io/hooks: README.md

These are the hooks currently available in this repository

### [Conan Center](hooks/conan-center.py) (**DEPRECATED**)

> > ⚠️ ConanCenterIndex no longer uses this hook and should be considered as no longer maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ conan-center-index no longer uses this hook and should be considered **unmaintained**.
```

>

> > The ConanCenterIndex is currently trying new hooks that are not public yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The conan-center-index is currently using new hooks internally.
```
